Add build-cairo1 docs (#1643)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/08-cairo-1-support/06-compiling.md

---
sidebar_label: Compilation
---

# Compiling a Cairo 1 Project with Protostar

To compile your Starknet contracts written in Cairo 1 using Protostar, follow these steps:

1. [Prepare your contracts](./01-understanding-cairo-packages.md).
2. Specify the contracts in the [`protostar.toml` configuration file](/docs/tutorials/configuration-file).
Each Cairo file that contains an entrypoint function should be listed in the [`contracts` section of the configuration file](/docs/tutorials/configuration-file#contracts).
An entrypoint is a function decorated with `#[external]` or `#[view]`.
3. Run the [`protostar build-cairo1`](../../cli-reference.md#build-cairo1) command.

> `build-cairo1` command outputs a class hash if the compilation is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`build-cairo1` command outputs class hash and compiled class hash if the compilation is successful.
```
